# TalTech Labs

This repository contains reports, codes and scripts developed during some of the labs I had during my exchange semester in TalTech.  

## Affiliated major

Erasmus+ exchange semester  
M. Sc. in Cyber Security  
School of Information Technologies  
Tallinn University of Technology (TalTech) - Estonia

## Repository labs

Labs uploaded to the repository are the following:

### Cryptography

Uploaded are reports and scripts written for the two homework assignements.  
This programming part is important but not the most significant for the module overall. Cryptography involves solving math problems on a table more than writing scripts.

### System forensics (my favourite)

Uploaded are different reports for the three homeworks submitted as part of the module's evaluation.  
The class involved many other practices which could not be uploaded due to file size errors (images and related files are very heavy :O).

### Cyber security management

Uploaded is a report for a study-case on a fictional company.
The Information Security policy described in the report concerns a fictional company with fictional information systems.  
The point is foremost to apply different ISO2700x standards in a realistic look-alike environment.

### Linux and networking administration

Uploaded are some scripts and codes written during the system administration class. The majority concerns some Bash scripts.  
Files content might seem meaningless without knowing the overall context.

### Web application security

- The first two homeworks are about cryptography, both developed in C#. The only file edited is <i>Program.cs</i>, the other files are actually automatically generated by the IDE.
- The third homework was just a web server pentest.
- The <i>labs</i> folder contain some scripts, results and notes related to the web pentest labs. These labs are hosted on the Range Force platform. Without knowing the pentest challenges context, these files might seem meaningless.
